Add k3s as an available option.  Change Rancher 2.0 to Rancher (#13733)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/pick-right-solution.md

* [IBM Cloud Private-CE (Community Edition) on Linux Containers](https://github.com/HSBawa/icp-ce-on-linux-containers) is a Terraform/Packer/BASH based Infrastructure as Code (IaC) scripts to create a seven node (1 Boot, 1 Master, 1 Management, 1 Proxy and 3 Workers) LXD cluster on  Linux Host.

> * [k3s](https://k3s.io) is a lightweight production-grade Kubernetes distribution.  With a super-simple installation process and a binary foot print around 40MB, it is ideal for local-machine development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [k3s](https://k3s.io) is a lightweight production-grade Kubernetes distribution.  With a super-simple installation process and a binary footprint around 40MB, it is ideal for local-machine development.
```
